Review Managing Configurations by using Ansible for CQA (#4818)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_high-level-steps-for-configuration-management-with-ansible.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="high-level-steps-for-configuration-management-with-ansible"]
= High-level steps for configuration management with Ansible

[role="_abstract"]
You use Ansible roles to define the desired state of the hosts registered to {Project}.
Running the roles enforces the configuration.

Configuration management with Ansible involves the following high-level steps:

. Import Ansible roles into {Project}.
. Assign specific roles to a host or host group.

> . Optional: Override Ansible variables per host or host group in the {ProjectWebUI}.

Reviewer: without checking, I would assume that this is not limited to WebUI but also possible via FAM/API/CLI.

```suggestion
. Optional: Override Ansible variables per host or host group in {Project}.
```

Reviewer: Looking at https://foreman.example.com/apidoc/v2/ansible_override_values.en.html, this works (at least) via API too.
